alfred/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/adapters/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/adapters/slack/webhook.py:32:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/adapters/slack/webhook.py:48:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/adapters/slack/webhook.py:61:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/adapters/slack/webhook.py:111:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/adapters/slack/webhook.py:196:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/adapters/slack/webhook.py:202:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/adapters/slack/webhook.py:208:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/intent_router.py:24:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/intent_router.py:36:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/intent_router.py:143:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/intent_router.py:158:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/intent_router.py:162:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/intent_router.py:166:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/intent_router.py:170:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/orchestrator.py:29:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/orchestrator.py:32:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_intent_router.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_intent_router.py:9:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_intent_router.py:31:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_intent_router.py:38:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_intent_router.py:48:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_intent_router.py:63:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_intent_router.py:78:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_intent_router.py:93:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_intent_router.py:101:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_intent_router.py:115:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_intent_router.py:124:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_intent_router.py:141:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_intent_router.py:153:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_intent_router.py:180:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_orchestrator.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_orchestrator.py:11:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_orchestrator.py:14:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_orchestrator.py:21:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_orchestrator.py:31:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_orchestrator.py:44:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_orchestrator.py:54:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/agents/tests/test_orchestrator.py:63:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/explainer/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/explainer/agent.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/explainer/agent.py:28:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/explainer/agent.py:31:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/explainer/agent.py:37:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/explainer/service.py:26:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/explainer/service.py:38:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/explainer/service.py:47:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/explainer/service.py:63:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/explainer/service.py:69:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/feature_flags.py:11:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/grouping.py:18:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/models.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/models.py:10:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/models/alert_group.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/models/alert_group.py:19:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/models/alert_group.py:37:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/protocols.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/protocols.py:9:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/protocols.py:13:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/protocols.py:18:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/protocols.py:23:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/protocols.py:28:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/protocols.py:33:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/protocols.py:38:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/protocols.py:43:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/protocols.py:53:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/protocols.py:60:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/protocols.py:65:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/tests/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/tests/test_dispatcher.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/tests/test_dispatcher.py:16:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/tests/test_dispatcher.py:21:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/tests/test_dispatcher.py:67:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/tests/test_dispatcher.py:74:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/tests/test_dispatcher.py:87:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/tests/test_dispatcher.py:101:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/tests/test_dispatcher.py:113:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/tests/test_dispatcher.py:157:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/tests/test_dispatcher.py:176:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/tests/test_dispatcher.py:206:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/tests/test_dispatcher.py:210:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/tests/test_dispatcher.py:228:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/alerts/tests/test_dispatcher.py:239:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/app/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/llm_adapter.py:27:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/llm_adapter.py:49:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/llm_adapter.py:89:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/llm_adapter.py:111:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/llm_adapter.py:130:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/llm_adapter.py:170:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/llm_adapter.py:192:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/llm_adapter.py:213:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/llm_adapter.py:232:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/llm_adapter.py:281:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/llm_adapter.py:292:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/protocols.py:12:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/protocols.py:16:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/protocols.py:21:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/protocols.py:26:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/protocols.py:39:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/protocols.py:67:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/protocols.py:71:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/protocols.py:76:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:11:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:14:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:20:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:26:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:30:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:37:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:66:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:94:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:101:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:108:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:116:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:120:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:126:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:155:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:162:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:165:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:171:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:177:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:183:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/core/tests/test_llm_adapter.py:187:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/infrastructure/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/infrastructure/protocols.py:12:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/infrastructure/protocols.py:65:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/infrastructure/protocols.py:92:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/infrastructure/protocols.py:106:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/infrastructure/protocols.py:147:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/infrastructure/protocols.py:189:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/llm/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/llm/protocols.py:12:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/llm/protocols.py:68:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/llm/protocols.py:104:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/llm/protocols.py:141:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/llm/protocols.py:172:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/db_metrics.py:35:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/db_metrics.py:92:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/db_metrics.py:124:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/db_metrics.py:140:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/db_metrics.py:151:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/db_metrics.py:159:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/db_metrics.py:179:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/db_metrics.py:179:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood; try rephrasing
alfred/metrics/db_metrics.py:185:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/metrics_collector.py:35:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/metrics_collector.py:92:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/metrics_collector.py:124:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/metrics_collector.py:140:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/metrics_collector.py:151:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/metrics_collector.py:159:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/metrics_collector.py:179:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/metrics_collector.py:179:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood; try rephrasing
alfred/metrics/metrics_collector.py:185:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/protocols.py:14:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/protocols.py:45:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/protocols.py:74:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/protocols.py:96:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/pubsub_metrics.py:27:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/metrics/pubsub_metrics.py:90:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/ml/hf_embedder.py:46:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/ml/hf_embedder.py:160:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/ml/noise_ranker.py:21:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/ml/thresholds.py:13:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/ml/thresholds.py:21:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/ml/thresholds.py:65:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/ml/thresholds.py:74:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/protocols.py:12:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/protocols.py:50:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/protocols.py:103:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/protocols.py:137:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/health.py:13:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/health.py:19:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/health.py:19:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood; try rephrasing
alfred/model/registry/health.py:25:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/main.py:92:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/main.py:111:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/main.py:111:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood; try rephrasing
alfred/model/registry/main.py:117:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/main.py:125:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/main.py:133:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/main.py:141:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/main.py:151:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/main.py:170:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:29:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:57:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:76:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:94:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:115:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:133:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:153:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:167:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:177:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:189:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:202:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:210:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:217:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:226:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:233:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:244:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:257:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:265:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:277:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/registry/models/models.py:285:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/router/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/router/main.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/router/main.py:32:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/router/main.py:53:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/router/main.py:53:1: D401 First line should be in imperative mood; try rephrasing
alfred/model/router/main.py:59:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/router/main.py:72:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/router/main.py:81:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/router/main.py:94:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/router/main.py:130:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/model/router/main.py:150:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/rag/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/rag/protocols.py:12:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/rag/protocols.py:75:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/rag/protocols.py:112:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/rag/protocols.py:141:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/remediation/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/remediation/protocols.py:12:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/remediation/protocols.py:43:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/remediation/protocols.py:84:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/remediation/protocols.py:128:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/remediation/protocols.py:157:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/app.py:32:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/app.py:38:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/app.py:45:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/app.py:89:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/app.py:103:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/app.py:115:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/diagnostics/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/diagnostics/__main__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/diagnostics/__main__.py:17:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/diagnostics/bot.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/diagnostics/bot.py:14:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/diagnostics/bot.py:72:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/diagnostics/bot.py:124:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/diagnostics/bot.py:191:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/diagnostics/explain_command.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/protocols.py:12:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/protocols.py:65:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/protocols.py:94:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/protocols.py:116:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/tests/test_diagnostics.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/tests/test_diagnostics.py:13:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/tests/test_diagnostics.py:17:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/tests/test_diagnostics.py:24:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/tests/test_diagnostics.py:33:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/tests/test_diagnostics.py:41:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/tests/test_diagnostics.py:49:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/tests/test_diagnostics.py:69:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/tests/test_diagnostics.py:100:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/tests/test_diagnostics.py:122:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/slack/tests/test_diagnostics.py:151:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/ui/__init__.py:1:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/ui/protocols.py:12:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/ui/protocols.py:54:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/ui/protocols.py:85:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/ui/protocols.py:119:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/ui/protocols.py:148:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/ui/protocols.py:175:1: D400 First line should end with a period
alfred/ui/protocols.py:180:1: D400 First line should end with a period
